---
title: Voting for September's Movies
date: 2017-08-22
author: CriticKitten
tags: [lottery, season07]
---

Hello, everyone!  We have a lot to discuss today, but I'll try to keep it brief.

First, we'd like to get your opinion on how the new system has been working out so far.  We've seen some pretty positive reactions so far, but we'd like to hear what everyone has to say.  Let us know what you think of the new system in the poll located **[HERE][survey]**!  Please get your feedback in by August 26th!  We'd like to make this transition as smooth as possible, and your feedback will help with that process.

Voting for this month's films is **[HERE][lotto]**!  This month's theme is **"MUSICALS"**.  This poll will be closed on August 26th prior to the start of Movie Night, so make sure to vote before then!

Also, if you'd like to submit a suggestion for next month's movie list, you can find that **[HERE][lotto2]**.   Next month's theme is **"PARANOIA"**!  This submission form will be closed for pre-screening and selection on September 2nd prior to the start of Movie Night!

Brony Movie Night will be at its usual time: 7:00 EDT on Friday, and 2:00 PM EDT on Saturday.  The first two films for next month will be announced on Saturday during intermission.  As for the rest, we'll provide you with little "clues" to try and figure them out.  But don't worry: if you're not into that sort of thing, we'll continue to update the front page with each week's films, so you'll always know which films are coming next.

[survey]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScJwn6glf_FJyMSS7pDAf7qTvj6AuCOfTw64SLqkWQ3yDKaAw/viewform
[lotto]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdb67YRzTDnY9bDIbY1D44_6PtQ-kyFedGJ8SlVQMh20feYjg/viewform
[lotto2]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdlrI1f4QK2GNZcwcc5DuomsDMJ0fagp2M356JWd55EaF7JQw/viewform
