---
title: 2019 Ban Appeals
date: 2020-01-17
author: Eggplantade
tags: [appeals]
---

Happy 2020 everyone!  They say hindsight is 2020, so let's take a look backward at some of last year's ban appeals.  As a reminder, we post ban appeals publicly as indicated on our rules page.  Normally this would be done by bronystate's staff, but this is a guest post by yours truly, because... well, you can see below.

First ban appeal - Eggplantade - 2019-07-29
-------------------------------------------

To Bronystate's staff,

This is eggplantade, the brony who you believe is a "stupid",
"unbelievably dense child" and "ignorant dickweasel" who "think\[s\]
everything is hate speech"; who you say fuck-you to because of where I
live; whose opinions you call "libtard shit"; who you compare to a
stalker; who you claim has a reading disability, then accuse of
"trying to start something" when the lie you told to justify your
claim is called out; who you criticize for "trying to climb to a moral
highground" when I point out that I do not respond in kind to your
verbal abuse; who you have kicked from Bronystate twice for pushing
back against your hostile, demeaning, toxic behavior; and who you have
finally banned on July 13, 2017 for talking to you about your
hostility toward people in the stream chat.  I have logs from IRC of
what you've done.  Or, to echo Kitten, "You choose to come in here and
try to provoke members of the community.  And don't deny that you do,
I have the logs."

I am appealing that ban.  You, in evaluating this ban appeal, are
representing a group of moderators who have done these things.  You
have depleted my good faith long ago.  I anticipate that you will once
again dismiss what I am saying and respond by continuing to attack me.
I am not giving you a private channel to reply so that you won't be
emboldened by secrecy.  You can respond to this appeal in the stream
chat.  Mention "eggplantade" with your response so that I can find it.

Kitten banned me because I spoke out about the provocative behavior of
Bronystate's staff after he demanded that I "chill \[my\] fucking jets
and stop actively trying to provoke people in this chat".  Kitten's
outrage, viewed in light of the things Bronystate's staff says,
reflects a double standard for provocative conduct.  My conduct has
consistently exceeded the standards of courtesy held by a chat where
people are told "any decent doctor will tell you that you're full of
shit" because they reject Kitten's racialist beliefs, "you're just
whining about something" because they express support for protests
against police racial bias, and "your bitchy opinions don't \[matter\]"
because they express concern about how Trump's anti-trans agenda will
affect them.  My conduct has consistently been less provocative than
the moderators who declare that "libtards don't care for trifling
things like facts", that "the SJWs like to cling to a single, harmless
instance of 'microaggressions'", that over twenty women going public
about Donald Trump's sense of entitlement to use their bodies against
their will was "overdrummed as more than it was, and it's a lazy
attempt at slander", and that the yardstick for judging whether
Trump's policies are bad is "when Trump starts electrocuting the
gays".  My conduct has consistently been more respectful than the
moderators who label people with degrading slurs such as "faggots",
"shitheads", "idiots", "talking cunt", "cucks", "little shits",
"pricks", "libtards", and "SJWs".  This pattern of conduct reflects
what Bronystate judges acceptable, and I have not stooped so low.

I was not intentionally provoking Kitten, as he claimed.  Rather, I
was trying to understand why he sympathizes with a white supremacist
who fuels hatred by generating racist memes, and subsequently to
fathom how he can believe that those white supremacist memes are not
racist, and subsequently to remind him of Bronystate's actual
standards of conduct.  If Kitten, who says that I'm a "dense child"
and "ignorant dickweasel" who "think\[s\] everything is hate speech",
feels that I am provoking him by voicing my perception of what he
said, he should recall his own belief that "to have to face off
against opinions you don't agree with... \[is\] part of growing up".  I
did not try to silence Kitten when he was verbally abusive toward me.
Silencing someone is not a way of facing off against opinions you
don't agree with.

Kitten's ban was a self-serving abuse of power.  It functions to
perpetuate his misbehavior and that of his peers by silencing
discussion of it.  He justifies it by framing that discussion as
provocation.  This reflects his hypocritical unwillingness to receive
even a shadow of the animus that he expresses toward others.  While I
have complied with the ban because I know he has your support, the ban
is unethical and I do not recognize it as legitimate.

Again, everything I have done exceeds Bronystate's extremely low
standards for courteous and respectful conduct.  Again, I was not
intentionally provoking Kitten.  Again, Kitten's ban was unethical.  I
will continue treating Bronystate's staff with more respect than they
have shown for female presidential candidates ("god I fucking hate
her", "What the fuck senate wwoman", "facts are only important when
they don't make madame president look bad").  The right thing for you
to do is to remove the ban.

Second ban appeal - Eggplantade - 2019-10-31
--------------------------------------------

To bronystate's staff,

This is eggplantade, who you banned on September 9, 2019 for
repeatedly recalling hostile and patronizing acts carried out by
bronystate's staff and asking how to counteract them.  While it's hard
to assess your side of the issue as long as you won't discuss it, I
take it you believe these acts no longer matter because they happened
long ago, they should be forgotten, and they carry no weight because
bronystate is a friendly, fun, and goofy place.  Still, repeated
experience has taught me that it's not safe to let my guard down and
enjoy the stream in the presence of some of bronystate's staff.  What
I can do is to stop listening to them and enjoy the company of people
I'm able to appreciate.

I became a regular visitor to bronystate years ago because it was fun
to see new MLP episodes and new shows, to share the experience and
hear other fans' reactions and observations.  You know how that
experience soured for me.  Nevertheless, there are still people I like
there.

Several things have changed my opinion since I returned this summer.
I saw in \#the-swamp how several of the staff who used to defend Donald
Trump and rally around aspects of the alt-right worldview were now
concerned about them.  I saw that a moderator who used to wield his
admin authority to bully and belittle me was now remaining civil.
After I was banned this year, I spoke with a moderator who was willing
to listen and persuade rather than dismiss and demean.  This
experience has alleviated my worst concerns about the culture that
bronystate's staff cultivates.  I'm no longer worried that
bronystate's culture may poison the brony community.

Although there can be no reconciliation as long as you see me as a
deficient creature that does not merit a normal degree of respect, I
can make a clean break that achieves what we both want.  I would like
to return to bronystate, stop discussing your past behavior, block the
individuals who have made bronystate unwelcoming, and participate in
the stream chat with the people I want to talk to.  I will be more
tolerant when I perceive hostility, contempt, or prejudice underlying
people's behavior.  This will insulate you from the criticism you do
not tolerate without leaving me vulnerable to degrading treatment I'm
not permitted to defend against.

I guess I should have expected bronystate to retain the norms of the
infamous chans that spawned it.  Let us see if bronystate has also
retained the openness and permissiveness of the chans as well, if it
will allow me back.

Sincerely,
eggplantade
